``` Date : 2025-05-21 Time : 10:27 ```
extention- installed - realtime extention
## **Today's Tasks**
- [x] Try to complete Notes deletion task ASAP.
- [x] Then need to start with Auth0 task of whitelisted user not able to login.
## **TO-DO** 
- [x] Check-In 
- [x] Read A Blog
- [ ] Check-Out 

## Learning from a blog

- The title was `7 Habits that Took Me from Junior to Mid Level Developer`
- I read what I knew but never implemented.
- 1st I tried this one earlier, I don't watch tutorials anymore but still don't have that kick to build anything new. Whatever comes in my plate, I eat that only.
	- Start exploring new things (Rather it should be start building new things)
- Writing code that is readable, I try that most of the time but sometimes don't leave comments over code that is not self explanatory. 
- Ask questions: That sucks me a lot. Still I don't ask questions where I'm stuck. Don't know why but it feels like why to ask, I'll explore. But that was a worst thinking.
	- Start asking questions (If it is silly, who are you to judge that question)
- Start reviewing other's PR, there is a catch. If I start reviewing and the other person think that why this man is being this much annoying. Still I'm over thinking. 
	- I'll start reviewing others' PRs (Rather saying reviewing I would say understanding)
- Blaming tech. Really? I was doing the same sometimes. Currently we have microservices and there are 11 repos. It sucks. I got fear of not understanding flow. But bro, it is damn easy.
	- Start exploring, you'll find it easy whatever you found ugly.
- Understanding of Git. I think I know git but I don't. 
	- Need to explore git a bit more.
- Saying I don't know along with eagerness to learn. I think that is there in me. I take responsibilities. Need to keep it up.
